The immediate echoing of input characters is an instance of unbuffered(or direct) input, meaning that the characters you
type are immediately made available to the waiting program. The delayed echoing, on the other hand, illustrates buffered
input, in which the characters you type are collected and stored in an area of temporary storage called a buffer.

Buffering comes in two varieties: fully buffered I/O and line-buffered I/O. For fully buffered input, the buffer is 
flushed(the contents are sent to their destination) when it is full. This kind of buffering usually occurs with file 
input. The buffer size depends on the system, but 512 bytes and 4096 bytes are common values. With line-buffered I/O,
the buffer is flushed whenever a newline character show up. Keyboard input is normally line buffered, so that pressing
Enter flushes the buffer.

A file is an area of memory in which information is stored. A stream is an idealized flow of data to which the actual 
input or output is mapped.

Keyboard input is represented by a stream called stdin, and output to the screen (or teletype or other output device) is
represented by a stream called stdout.

C handle this variety of methods by having the getchar() function return a spacial value when the end of a file is 
reached, regardless of how the operating system actually detects the end of file. The name given to this value is EOF.
Therefore, the return value for getchar() when it detects an end of file is EOF. The scanf() function also returns EOF
on detecting the end of a file.

By default, a C program using the standard I/O package looks to the standard input as its source for input. This is the
stream identified earlier as stdin.

A redirection operator connects an executable program (including standard operating system commands) with a data file.
It cannot be used to connect one data file to another, nor can it be used to connect one program to another program.

Input cannot be taken from more than one file, nor can output be directed to more than one file by using redirection 
operators.

Many programs use getchar() to read input character-by-character. Typically, system use line-buffered input, meaning 
that input is transmitted to the program when you press Enter. Pressing Enter also transmits a newline character that 
may require programming attention.

C features a family of functions, called the standard I/O packages, that treats different file forms on different 
systems in a uniform manner.

Interspersing calls to getchar() with calls to scanf() can cause problems when scanf() leaves a newline character in the
input before a call to getchar().