The scanf() function reads data from a program and delivers that data to the program, and printf() reads data from a 
program and delivers that data to your screen.

Some types of data are preset before a program is used and keep their values unchanged throughout the life of the
program. These are constants. Other types of data may change or be assigned values as the program runs; These are
variables. The differences between a variable and a constant is that a variable can have its value assigned or
changed while the programming, and a constant can't.

The types created with these keywords can be divided into two families on the basic of how they are stored in the
computer: integer type and floating-point types.

Floating-point representation involves breaking up a number into a fractional part and an exponent part and storing
the parts separately.

the %d notation is used to indicate just where in a line the integer is to be printed. The %d is called a
format specifier because it indicates the form that printf() uses to display a value. Each %d in the format string
must be matched by a corresponding int value int the list of items to be printed. That value can be an int variable,
an int constant, or any other expression having an int value.

To display an integer in octal notation instead of decimal, use %0 instead of %d. To display an integer in hexadecimal,
use %x. If you want to display the C prefixes, you can use specifiers %#0, %#x, %#X to generate the 0, 0x, and 0X 
prefixes respectively.

Most functions take a specific number of arguments, and the compiler can check to see whether you've used the correct 
number. However, printf() can have one, two, three, or more arguments, and that keeps the compiler from using its usual
methods for error checking.

Octal and hexadecimal constants are treated as type int unless the value is too large. Then the compiler tries
unsigned int. If that doesn't work, it tries, in order, long, unsigned long, long long, and unsigned long long.

To cause a small constant to be treated as type long, you can append an l or L as a suffix. Similarly, on those
systems supporting the long long type, you can use ll or LL suffix to indicate a long long value.