The scanf() function reads data from a program and delivers that data to the program, and printf() reads data from a 
program and delivers that data to your screen.

Some types of data are preset before a program is used and keep their values unchanged throughout the life of the
program. These are constants. Other types of data may change or be assigned values as the program runs; These are
variables. The differences between a variable and a constant is that a variable can have its value assigned or
changed while the programming, and a constant can't.

The types created with these keywords can be divided into two families on the basic of how they are stored in the
computer: integer type and floating-point types.

Floating-point representation involves breaking up a number into a fractional part and an exponent part and storing
the parts separately.

the %d notation is used to indicate just where in a line the integer is to be printed. The %d is called a
format specifier because it indicates the form that printf() uses to display a value. Each %d in the format string
must be matched by a corresponding int value int the list of items to be printed. That value can be an int variable,
an int constant, or any other expression having an int value.

To display an integer in octal notation instead of decimal, use %0 instead of %d. To display an integer in hexadecimal,
use %x. If you want to display the C prefixes, you can use specifiers %#0, %#x, %#X to generate the 0, 0x, and 0X 
prefixes respectively.

Most functions take a specific number of arguments, and the compiler can check to see whether you've used the correct 
number. However, printf() can have one, two, three, or more arguments, and that keeps the compiler from using its usual
methods for error checking.

Octal and hexadecimal constants are treated as type int unless the value is too large. Then the compiler tries
unsigned int. If that doesn't work, it tries, in order, long, unsigned long, long long, and unsigned long long.

To cause a small constant to be treated as type long, you can append an l or L as a suffix. Similarly, on those
systems supporting the long long type, you can use ll or LL suffix to indicate a long long value.

The char type is used for storing characters such as letters and punctuation marks, but technically it is an integer
type. The char type actually stores integers, not characters. To handle characters, the computer uses a numerical
code in which certain integers represent certain characters.

Note that the printf() specifiers determine how data is displayed, not how it is stored.

By default, the compiler assumes floating-point constants are double precision.

C enables you to override this default by using an f or F suffix to make the compiler treat a floating-point constant
as type float; An l or L suffix makes a number type long double.If the floating-point number has no suffix, it is
type double.

The printf() function uses the %f format specifier to print type float and double numbers using decimal notation,
and it uses %e to print them in exponential notation. Note that both float and double use the %f, %e or %a specifier
for output. That's because C auto-matically expands type float values to type double when they are passed as 
arguments to any function.

Now c specifies that toobig gets assigned a special value that stands for infinity and that printf() displays either
inf or infinity for the value.

Including the complex.h header files lets you substitute the word complex for _Complex and the word imaginary for
_Imaginary, and it allows you to use the symbol I to represent the square root of -1.

Note that the size of char is necessarily 1 byte because C defines the size of 1 byte in terms of char. So, on a
system a 16-bit char and a 64-bit double, sizeof will report double as having a size of 4 bytes.

Incidentally, notice in the last few lines how a printf() statement can be spread over two lines. You can do this as
long as the break does not occur in the quoted section or in the middle of a word.

C has a built-in operator called sizeof that gives sizes in bytes. C99 and C11 provide a %zd specifier for this type 
used by sizeof.

C now has a function-prototyping mechanism that checks whether a function call has the correct number and correct
kind of arguments, but it doesn't work with printf() and scanf() because they take a variable number of arguments.

Initially, printf() statements send output to an intermediate storage area called a buffer. Every now and then, the 
material in the buffer is sent to the screen. The standard C rules for when output is sent from the buffer to the screen
are clear. It is sent when the buffer gets full, when a newline character is encountered, or when there is impending 
input.(Sending the output from the buffer to the screen or file is called flushing the buffer.)